This time appearing is compassion, compassion.
And that also means this satyana samadhi is not negation, negative state as we discussed yesterday.
And as you all know, basically, it's called great emptiness, great emptiness of yoga and so forth.
But it's not negation state, emptiness that you already mind we think.
Think, think, that is not emptiness at all.
This emptiness is beyond duality, that's all about.
And that great emptiness is not negation, negative, not the blank state.
This is full of opportunity, full of energy, vitality of that.
And this time that vitality is then compassion.
But that vitality, that is compassion.
And again, this compassion arises magically,
magically as almost like breathing the wind in the space.
This can be so soothing, calming, without any partiality, without any restrictions.
That energy of compassion is spread out instantly to whole beings of six realms.
Everyone touched, or that compassion touched everyone, every single living being.
But just focus on the compassion, not individual beings.
That power, energy is just spread out without any restrictions.
That is known as all arising samadhi.
That all arising samadhi and that satyana samadhi is never separated.
Both are in one single status, status, status, just identical.
There is no even separations.
But yet, actively we now let a concentrate on that energy.
This is known as then compassion that has no focus.
That compassion that has no partiality.
In the debate, in the teaching said mukwa mappaningi.
Mukwa mappaningi means there is no really particular purpose.
You just spread out that vastness, compassion, that throw out in space.
All the space, all the universe, everything is completely filled with that great compassion.
Compassion, you relax in that state.
Just relax mind in that compassion status.
This is known as then is magical.
Sometimes in the teaching said magical samadhis.
This magical samadhis, juma-tawatini, it is truly magical.
It is just spread out to everyone.
Also, it is also known as the warrior-like samadhi street, other terminologies.
Warrior or the brave samadhi.
Samadhi, because there is no restructure, no discrimination.
You sending out to everyone that compassion, the great compassion.
And this is, again, essence of the enlightenment.
And this suchness samadhi is combined to that is the all arising samadhi.
That is also known as union of the western and the compassion.
That you heard many times.
Union of the western and the compassion.
This is, as it is, we are uniting that.
We are kind of reigniting that.
It is not something that is not united, we are united.
It is that status and we are embracing that nature as it is.
And that is known as then, this magical samadhis.
This magical samadhi, samadhi, what it purifies.
Immediately in the part of status, it purifies habitual patterns
or hindrance of the upper death.
Death.
After death, our course, we all know that.
I may be all believe that.
That after death, journey is not really stopped.
So there is continue unfolding dreams.
That is sometimes known as vadu of the true natural or vadu of the upper death.
The whole universe, whole environment is begins that time.
That time.
Many times we grasping, we cling as subject, object.
And then all this rejection and acceptance.
As we play that game in our lifetime,
we continually carry that habitual package
and that tool of habitual.
And we try to apply those tools of habitual
through that experience of the upper death of the vadu
or vadu of the upper death.
Death.
And then it is all different again, the vision change.
We caught so much ups and downs.
But when we have the realization of this magical display,
magical display, then that turbulence of the upper death
is instantly pacify it.
No more become as turbulence experience.
It's all as dream and as display of our own nature.
So therefore, this all arising,
the samadhi and magical samadhi,
whatever they owe, bravery like samadhi,
whatever terminology we like to apply,
it will purify the habitual patterns of the upper death.
Death experience or the death, dream of the death, upper death.
And then also in the teachings said,
it will also purify habitual patterns of the palm rings.
Palm rings among the three rings,
desire rings, palm ring and formless ring.
It will purify the habitual patterns of the palm ring experience.
And then it will also bring the clear realization
of the Sambukaya status among the three aspects
of the enlightened God.
Dharmakaya, Sambukaya and Narmakayas.
This part we will talk a little later.
We can talk a little bit more.
Of course, there are many books in all these days,
but we can go a little bit later.
There are also beautiful prayers in these texts,
so we can maybe go a little bit later.
But however, this will purify the habitual patterns
of the upper death or the Pardo.
That was normal, we called Pardo.
And then as well as palm rings,
and it began to also actualizing the Sambukaya status.
So that is the action or purpose or the cause,
what is about the all arising Samadhi.
Again, when you have the time, as we say,
try to stay meditated for a second or for a minute in that great compassion status.
Now, once we confront that second Samadhi,
then third Samadhi is...